Backup schedule updates (#114)
percona/everest-doc: docs/use/database_view.md

# Database view

The database view in Percona Everest provides an interface to view and provision your databases. With the database view, you can keep a close eye on all your databases and their status and perform tasks such as backup and restore.

   ![!image](../images/database_view.png)

> By clicking on the individual database, you will be able to perform various actions such as:

Author: Fixed

- Backups information
- Point-in-time Recovery status
- Resources used by the database
- External access and monitoring status
- Information about host, port, and credentials

![!image](../images/database_details.png)

## Backups

The **Backups** tab lists all the backups created for the database. This includes the exact date and time when each backup was taken, providing you with a clear overview of the backup history for the database.

Click the ellipsis (...) menu next to the database and you can:

- [Restore the backup to database](../use/RestoreBackup.md#RestoreBackup). 

- [Create a new database from backup](createBackups/create_new_database.md#create_new_database). 

    ![!image](../images/database_backups.png)

The **Backups** tab also displays all active schedules for the database. You can edit or delete schedules by clicking the ellipsis (...) menu next to the database and selecting **Edit** or **Delete** respectively.

## Restores

The **Restores** tab displays a list of the database restores along with their respective dates and timestamps. This way, you can easily track and manage the history of all the restores that have been performed on the database.

> To remove this restored database, click the ellipsis (...) menu next to the database and click **Delete**.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To remove the database's restore entry, click the ellipsis (...) menu next to the database and click **Delete**.
```
